What solution?
He really is the god of war, absolutely not wrong
If he had just
Oops, go to Germany first and then fear that the god of war will appear
The universe seems to be changing
Mr. Shen is not good
Several little girls have asked for a return.
You go and tell them.
Let them give us a little more time.
We will definitely give them a solution.
Okay, Mr. Shen, let's go
City Lord Ye, have you found the source?
Thanks for the real call.
Hello Ye Zhen
Did you find anything?
I found Mr. Si
To Review Group
There is a problem with Sun Jincai who provided the materials.
You mean Sun Jincai?
Poison in that batch of ingredients
Well, yes, Sun Jincai is not afraid of death
Where is he?
He has an appointment with a few clients tonight and is in love with KTV in the group.
Okay, I got it. Okay.
I have no grudge against him
Why would he want to harm us?
Then you need to go to him and ask him clearly.
Come on, come on, a few brothers are open to play today
My treat to thank Mr. Sun
Come on, Mr. Sun, let me toast you
Mr. Yoding also called us a princess today.
I heard that the golden tiger suit is in your hands
Say the card price.
This tiger talisman is a precious treasure
Who are you?
Dare to negotiate terms with me here
I am the granddaughter of Zhou Tianhao, the richest man in China
Zhou Lao's granddaughter
We still have to give Zhou Lao's face.
Then I'll bet you
If you win, I'll give it to you if I don't accept it.
But if you lose
You will accompany me tonight